Is there a garage sale in here? There's
a few things, but I don't know if
they're Uh, you want to play some skee
ball?
I guess we're in the wrong parking.
Oh, in the loop?
>> Yeah.
Where Y'all We're at a uh Indiana Pace
We're at a campground right now.
>> [laughter]
>> So random. All right, y'all. Let's see
what a campground garage sale's like.
I mean, they can't have too much stuff.
I mean, uh
camping.
We It's a purse. You got to You got to
stay light when you're camping, so.
And all of those are for the keychain
sets.
They're all I'll put them all together
with the little clippies. Yeah.
Carabiners.
Yeah.
We can check the other one out, please.
Good morning. Hi. How are you? Good.
Friendly. Yeah. I own this. Dog.
I'm okay, sweetie.
Mhm.
Pretty old one, too, huh?
Yeah.
Oh, no. I didn't think it was I just
tested to see how
how smooth it is. Yeah.
Oh, no. It's great condition. Yes.
What do you have on this one? Oh, you
got 25 on this?
They cost about
$20.50 I guess if you
knew what they
They didn't make it in that same knife
for probably 50 years. You know, I
remember my dad always kept one.
That was pretty old. That was probably
at least
30 years or so. Yeah, okay.
Viet- Vietnam era.
That's a parachute knife. Paratrooper
knife. It is Vietnam era? That's what
the coin is on. The coin Okay. You're
not cleaning it. I was not going to
clean
Let's see.
Well, it is turned out to be a lot. I
mean, just
It's so bright. It's uh hard to imagine,
I guess.
It's broken. You can't even open it.
Huh?
What do you mean?
Well, that's to cut the cords.
But uh But you can't open the knife?
Oh.
$20 knife. Is it? Dang. Well, I mean, he
has it priced about right, then. Yeah.
It's not worth it. Yeah. Somebody else
will appreciate it. All right.
Let's pay the man his money on that
buck. What did you pay him for it? 25.
Is that That's good? Mhm. Okay. We'll do
that.
Did you want to look at the little I'm
I'm going to hang on to that.
This is really nice condition. The blade
I'm used to the blades being chipped off
at the end on there all of them. This
one's not. Hey, what's your name? Fancy.
Fancy? Yeah. Hey, Fancy. What you think?
Oh my goodness. You gentle little girl,
huh? Look at you.
You was
You was so gentle. Yeah. 10. He made He
just made 10. How old is she? He said.
Nine. Nine?